Fix (7572): LAST_QUERY_ID query in Coinbase (#7576)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`7572` Fix issue where the Coinbase Deposits & Withdrawals section was notifying an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`7572` Fix issue where coinbase data query could result in an error popup.
```
